# socjunxu.github.io
Jun Xu is a Full Professor  in the Department of Sociology and the Data Science Program at Ball State University. He has a wide range of scholarly interests, including data/statistical science, health, and social sciences (history, political philosophy, and sociology), broadly defined. His primary research interests include data and statistical science (computational social science, Bayesian statistics, categorical data analysis, causal inference, and machine learning), Asia and Asian America (Asian American politics and health, China),  health (health disparities, healthcare systems and utilization), and welfare systems and political economy. He is also interested in and/or has done research on education (comparative and international education, cultural capital). His professional goals are to research to enlighten and to teach to inspire.

He regularly collaborates with other scholars in his specialty areas and enjoys working with students on their research projects at both undergraduate and graduate levels. When not at work, Jun loves running, swimming, doing push-ups, tweaking codes, and playing board games (go, chess). He primarily uses and is still learning R, Stata, and Python for methodological, pedagogical, and substantive projects. His work has appeared in, among others, Comparative Education Review, Social Forces, Social Science & Medicine, Sociological Methods and Research, Social Science Research, and The Stata Journal. He has also published two books--Ordered Regression Models and Modern Applied Regressions--on regression analysis of categorical and limited response variables with Chapman & Hall/CRC.

He is a founder and the inaugural president of the Asian and Pacific Islander Faculty and Staff Association and the founder and organizer of the Data Analytics Forum (formerly the Applied Statistics and R) at Ball State University, and the newsletter editor of the International Chinese Sociological Association.

His favorite reads include American Journal of Public Health, Lancet, New England Journal of Medicine, Statistical Science, The American Statistician, general science, Scientific American, Asian Nation, and PBS's Asian American History site,  Check webmails and have Zoom meetings.
